README.md, before:

# Froth
Froth utility library for Android Espresso tests

## About

Espresso for Android seems to be a great way to create "Large" or "End to End" tests for Android apps.

It also seems to be overly precise for End to End tests. For example, it tends to be very tied
to implementation detail - View ids, and what type of view is it (a list, a recycler view...).

The intention of this library is to simplify working with Espresso, and eventually hopefully
provide some heuristics that make writing tests easier for common scenarios.

## Usage

### checkDisplayed(String expected)

Checks that a view can be found that contains `expected` text.

AmbiguousViewMatcherException is handled - if that exception is returned by Espresso
it confirms that at least one match is found - which is a pass!

```
    Froth.checkDisplayed("Android Espresso");
```

## click(String viewString)

Click the view that is an exact match for viewString.

```
    Froth.click("Edit");
```

## click(int id)

Click the view that matches the resource id.

```
    Froth.click(R.id.edit_destinations);
```

## checkToast(String toast)

Check that a toast is displayed that contains specified string.

```
    Froth.checkDisplayed("Congratulations on installing Pointy Arrow");
```

## openOptionsMenu()

Open the overflow or options menu.

```
    Froth.openOptionsMenu();
```

Commit message:

a few more features and explanation

README.md, after:

# Froth
Froth utility library for Android Espresso tests

## About

Espresso for Android seems to be a great way to create "Large" or "End to End" tests for Android apps.

It also seems to be overly precise for End to End tests. For example, it tends to be very tied
to implementation detail - View ids, and what type of view is it (a list, a recycler view...).

The intention of this library is to simplify working with Espresso, and eventually hopefully
provide some heuristics that make writing tests easier for common scenarios.

## Usage

### checkDisplayed(String expected)

Checks that a view can be found and is displayed that contains `expected` text.
Will check hints as well as the main content.

AmbiguousViewMatcherException is handled - if that exception is returned by Espresso
it confirms that at least one match is found - which is a pass!

```
    Froth.checkDisplayed("Android Espresso");
```

### boolean isVisible(String target)

Same as checkDisplayed, but will return true or false instead of throwing an assertion.

The intention of this method is to aid in test data cleanup to return your app to a known state.
Your tests themselves should not contain conditional logic!

### checkNotDisplayed(String notExpected)
Throws a failure assertion if the text *is* found.

Currently only looks at main text and ignores hint text.

### click(String viewString)

Click the view that is an exact match for viewString.

```
    Froth.click("Edit");
```

### click(int id)

Click the view that matches the resource id.

```
    Froth.click(R.id.edit_destinations);
```

### checkToast(String toast)

Check that a toast is displayed that contains specified string.

```
    Froth.checkDisplayed("Congratulations on installing Pointy Arrow");
```

### keys(String anchor, String keys)

Sends keys to your supplied anchor text. Then closes the soft keyboard.

Limitations:
* Currently just finds a match using hint text.
* If there is more than one match, will fail.

### openOptionsMenu()

Open the overflow or options menu.

```
    Froth.openOptionsMenu();
```

### String random()

Returns 5 random characters.
